We are living in a time where there is very little wholesome entertainment available for families.
That is why the animated videos, such as the Become Jehovah's Friend series and the Whiteboard animations, have become so popular.
However, are these merely entertaining videos for our children to enjoy watching over and over? No.
These animations are touching the hearts of our young ones. They are drawing closer to their Heavenly Father as they learn his qualities and see his love for them.
In fact, we have received hundreds of letters of appreciation from them.
Why don't we let the children tell us how they feel?
Thank you for making the video about Caleb.
I like the way Caleb acts and plays with Jehovah. I'll try to be like him. I love Jehovah.
My favorite one is the new one on Courage.
I like it because I try to witness at school and it helps me a lot.
I love how it shows kids like me that it's important to pay attention at the movies.
Dear brothers and sisters, I am seven years old.
I am very happy to send you this donation so that you can make more Caleb videos.
And I would like it if Caleb could have a winner dog named Lula.
I feel like when I leave the show, I think I'll go back.
Yeah, I hope so.
I wish you all the best.
I love you so much.
Because that's nice and helps them feel better.
A player means bow your head close your eyes.
And talk to Jehovah.
No, don't quit.
Other than that, I can forgive freely.
And I'm making joy when you're happy.
You have to keep your room neat and clean just like Jehovah.
Keep all his things clean.
These videos are clearly reaching the hearts of our children.
They have also been very effective in the ministry, both formally and informally.
One day while we were shopping, the lady at the store said to my son,
don't forget the magic words.
Please and thank you.
No, said Benjamin.
Magic is from Satan.
Please and thank you are from Caleb.
Who is Caleb, she asked?
Using my phone, Benjamin showed her several videos, others approached.
She asked how to download the videos and I showed her JW.org.
She wrote it down so she could show the videos to her own children.
In the last few years, we've been showing the whiteboard videos in the schools.
The police were also doing presentations in schools about bullies.
And so the school asked us if we had anything under subject.
That how to beat a bully video was perfect.
The teachers and the parents had very positive comments about it.
My daughter Cindy is diagnosed with autism, so her communication is limited.
When the video, Jehovah will help you be bold came out.
She watched it twice.
She stood up, went to get her book, learn from the great teacher, and said to me,
Carolina, get upset, take it, sad.
School.
The next day at school when her schoolmate arrived, Cindy gave her the book and told her,
no sad, it's from Jehovah.
I was surprised to see the reaction the video had on Cindy.
Even with her disability, my daughter was preaching.
I use the whiteboard animation videos as visual aids to support some of the subjects I teach,
such as getting along with one another and civics.
In a lot of schools, putting into practice moral values has really gone downhill.
So these videos are salvaging and inculcating real moral values.
What a powerful witness these are proving to be.
But it's not just the children who are benefiting.
That story, which is a light go.
She knew what could help him name, but she was holding back.
What I appreciate is that sometimes, you know, I also hold back.
I think of when it comes to certain aspects of the ministry.
It's quite nerve-wracking to be able to approach a business territory.
So what motivates me to do now is to see how I can take a great advantage of that part of the ministry.
Like what was shown in the video, praying.
I pray to Jehovah, ask him to be bold to take the fear out of your heart as it were.
And then prepare my presentation.
Do everything I can on my part.
And then go for it.
And I become Jehovah's friend video.
It shows a good role model for us regarding discipline.
The animated video I found most practical for us as a newly married couple
is the one entitled Be Social Network Smart.
There's some very practical advice about the use of time,
as well as the dangers associated with social media and social network.
So we applied the counsel from the video to not let our online life get in the way of our real life.
There are things I can learn from the video, from Caleb and Sophia's parents.
When they discipline their children, they always use the Bible.
It is beneficial for all the people, not only for children.
One thing we've learned from Sophia is to prepare for full service before going out.
That pen that Sophia had was very nice.
I had a butterfly, I really like it.
I wouldn't mind getting one of those for myself.
As we have seen, these animated videos are powerful tools that reach hearts and change lives.
What a gift from Jehovah, yet another way all can come to know and love him more fully.
How do these videos make you feel?
I feel really touched when I watch these videos.
It's just over how can you tell the organizers and such good ideas for the children around the world
and for me to know all about these things that you have taught us.
It's so amazing.
I always thank Jehovah and the governing body for making these wonderful videos for children.
Thank you, Jehovah, so much.
Jehovah, God, please help us make more Caleb and Sophia videos because my whole family really loved them and me.
Isaiah 30 verses 20 and 21 says in part,
you will see your grand instructor with your own eyes and your own ears will hear a word saying,
this is the way, walking it.
Yes, with our own eyes and ears, we are learning from our grand instructor in unique and delightful ways.